gh-136250: Clarify Integer string conversion length limitation (#136279)
python/cpython: Doc/library/stdtypes.rst

string when a non-linear conversion algorithm would be involved.  Underscores
and the sign are not counted towards the limit.

For string to integer conversions, the exact digit count is known and checked.
For integer to string conversions, the limit is applied to an estimated upper

> bound of the result size to avoid the expensive conversion operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For integer to string conversions, the limit is applied to an estimated
size of the result.
```
